# Research Plan 2020

### <p align="right">0.0.00 - Draft Version</p>

##### Proposal Abstract
- Details of research to date
	+ <del>Recent developments</del>
	+ What I've learnt/done
		- two-step Heat-kernel-graph -clustering-algorithm (my work)
		- learnt about graph-based/probablity-based algorithms
- Detailed plan for research at the University of Tokyo
	+ Learn more about algorithms in bioinformatics
		- why is information science important in the field of biomedcine
	+ and apply them to solve actual problems
		- Genome
		- Protein-protein interaction

---

#### •Details of research to date 

I graduated from School of Information, Renmin University of China last year
and obtained a bachelor's degree in computer science and technology.
During that time Prof. Wei, my former advisor,
guided me to learn about graph algorithms.

<bullshit content="// Blank left for \'Two Step Heat Kernel PageRank Graph Clustering Algorithm \'" />

My graduation thesis is about the Two-step Heat-Kernel PageRank Clustering method,
which is an algorithm developed for making local community detction relatively more effcient
in complex graphs. I proposed and implemented this with the help of my former advisor
and existing research results.

The noteable concept of PageRank, introduced by Brin and Page<sup>1</sup>, is based on
random walks as a geometric sum, and has been become a major tool for addressing
fundamental problems arising in general graphs,  specially for large information networks.
The Heat-kernel PageRank method,introduced by Fan Chung, is based on the (discrete)
heat kernel and can be expressed as an exponential sum of random walks<sup>2</sup>.
The heat kernel he introduced into graph clustering satisfies the heat equation
and can be used to analyze many useful properties of random walks.

The Heat-kernel PageRank method led to a graph partitioning algorithm for which
the running time is proportional to the size of the targeted volume<sup>2</sup>
(instead of the size of the whole graph).

<bullshit content="Local clustering problem aims to identify a high-quality cluster containing"/>
<bullshit content="the\"選ばれたシードノードｓ\" in time roughly proportional to the size of the cluster" />
<bullshit content="// Blank for other works like probablity-algorithms" />

Local graph clustering methods aims on identifying the relatively highest quality node cluster
containing a pre-chosen seed node _s_. Based on the Heat-kernel PageRank method,
a local graph clustering algorithm is proposed and improved.
The heat-kernel pagerank is usually expressed as a weighted vector of the probablity
related to the probability that the random walk will stop at a node.
Through approximate calculations of the heat-kernel pagerank vectors, the algorithm
selectively reduced the number of random walks of the Monte Carlo method, the pruning 
makes the algorithm a more efficient one.
<foo  content="<br /><br /><br />" />

I also learned some other graph, matrix and probability algorithms 
while listening to the group meeting in Professor Wei's lab, 
and studied elective courses in software engineering and information security.
<br /><br /><br />

<bullshit /><bullshit /><bullshit /><bullshit /><bullshit />
<bullshit /><bullshit /><bullshit /><bullshit /><bullshit />

---

#### •Detailed plan for research at the University of Tokyo

<?what you expect me to say??????>
<bullshit content="\\n- Learn more about \<.../.../.../...\> algorithms\\n	+ why? they are important.\\n\\n- And apply them to concrate actual works\\n	+ what? Say something about their bright future."/>

Biology is the core and soul of bioinformatics, while maths and computer
technology can become its basic tools. The history of human scientific research indicates that the
accumulation of data will lead to the discovery of major scientific discoveries.
For example, it’s the analysis of celestial movement data that led to the Kepler’s laws of planetary motion. 
It is reasonable to believe that the huge accumulation of biological
data today will also lead to the major biological discoveries.
I will take the application of algorithms in bioinformatics as a
preliminary research direction.

<bullshit>
As early as the mid-1800s, Arthur Cayley used trees (acyclic connected graphs) to
enumerate structural isomers of the hydrocarbons. Over time, graph algorithms have
played an important role in more and more researches, many bioinformatics algorithms
may be formulated in the language of graph theory.
In the 1950s Seymour Benzer applied graph theory (mainly interval graph) in a T4
bacteriophage experiment to show that genes are linear.
Graph theory is also widely used in the proof and construction of some DNA sequencing methods.
Research on protein structure, function, and protein-protein interactions has been
another focus of bioinformatics. The structure, functions of proteins, and the
protein-protein interact networks are complex and non-linear, making it possible to
represent these properties of the proteins by graphs.
One of the main application of graph algorithms is community discovery or
clustering, through which we can find out relatively closely related proteins. Through a
certain seed (or seed set), the algorithms can find out a main set in which the seed (or
seed set) is located, and then expand the set, making it possible to find out the protein
cluster of interest. Graph algorithms are also used in the analysis and prediction of
protein function from amino acid sequences, as the circular permutations in protein
sequences may affect the structure and function of the proteins.</bullshit>
&nbsp;

I also want to learn more about AI and data science techniques,
as they are powerful tools for implementing ideas of theoretical algorithms,
giving more practical meaning to these abstract stuff.



<bullshit /><bullshit /><bullshit /><bullshit /><bullshit />
<bullshit /><bullshit /><bullshit /><bullshit /><bullshit />




#### •Citations

1. Brin S, Page L. The anatomy of a large-scale hypertextual Web search engine. Computer Networks and ISDN Systems. 1998;30(1-7):107-117. doi:10.1016/s0169-7552(98)00110-x
2. Chung F. The heat kernel as the pagerank of a graph. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. 2007;104(50):19735-19740. doi:10.1073/pnas.0708838104